For people who enjoy reliable performance (#2422)
nucypher/nucypher: newsfragments/2422.bugfix.rst

> Take advantage of the changes in PR#2410 by retrying on fail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take advantage of the changes in PR#2410 by retrying worker commitments on failure
```
